[CUBRIDMAN-299] Fix typos in SystemTap and HA manual (#635)
CUBRID/cubrid-manual: en/ha.rst

.. image:: /images/image25.png

> The following is an example in which the Read Write (RW) broker and the Read Only (RO) broker are configured in each piece of equipment of the master node and the slave node. First, the *app1* and the *app2* URL connect to *broker A1* (RW) and *broker B2* (RO), respectively. The second connection (altHosts) is made to *broker A2* (RO) and *broker B1* (RW). When equipment that includes *nodeA* fails, *app1* and the *app2* connect to the broker that includes *nodeB*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is an example in which the Read Write (RW) broker and the Read Only (RO) broker are configured on each piece of equipment for the master node and the slave node. First, the *app1* and *app2* URLs connect to *broker A1* (RW) and *broker B2* (RO), respectively. The second connection (altHosts) is made to *broker A2* (RO) and *broker B1* (RW). When the equipment that includes *nodeA* fails, *app1* and *app2* connect to the broker that includes *nodeB*.
```

       Server testdb (pid 2393, state registered_and_standby)

The -v option displays detailed information about the node.

*   score : Indicates the priority of the node, with a lower score indicating a higher priority.

> *   missed heartbeat : Indicates the loss rate of heartbeat signals sent between nodes configured in a HA environment. If this value is unusually high, the configuration, network, or firewall settings should be inspected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   missed heartbeat : Indicates the loss rate of heartbeat signals sent between nodes configured in an HA environment. If this value is unusually high, the configuration, network, or firewall settings should be inspected.
```
